Hello everyone, this year you've all made great
progress. You line up
very neatly and are very
conscientious. This shows that we
will have a very solemn and wonderful retreat,
doesn't it?
[Music]
Our time is 7 days.
Do you know what you think you will experience in these seven days? Does
anyone have
any predictions? Rain or sunshine? Raise your
hand!
Who predicted what they would overcome
in these 7 days? So
many hands! You're
amazing! We are ready! Ready to
welcome our seven days
with challenges! Let's
hear one of your opinions.
Teacher, my name is Nguyen Gia Tung
Lam, I'm from the Zebra group. I
have a plan and I think I will
overcome something in these seven days. What
challenges will I face? For me,
in these 7 days I will be challenged to
overcome the main obstacle:
being far from home and not missing my parents.  You'll get to endure rain and
sun to do jobs you've
never done before. Do you
see anyone else? You'll be able to do
jobs you've never done before. You'll endure
rain and sun, you'll be away from your parents. That's how you'll learn to
grow up, isn't it?
Now let's give a round of applause! Are
you all ready?
[Music]
Ready!
[Applause]
Oh yeah!
[Music]
We'll have a week to face
challenges, and a week we'll
overcome them. Do you agree?
[Music]
So we're sure
we'll overcome the challenges.
Count each challenge that comes your way
each day. Do you agree? Let's count!
Today we'll overcome
this challenge: for example,
in the morning at home, we need our parents to wake us up, but we
sleep in very late. Today, we'll wake up just by hearing the horn.
Do you see how
special this challenge is? It's very,
very difficult to overcome, isn't it?
And we're sure we'll overcome it!
Very good!  There are many more challenges. For
example, at home, your parents have already
prepared meals for you. An is calling you,
and now you're starting to line up
to get food. So, is there a
challenge? And will we overcome it?
What kind of mindset will we have when we overcome it? Oh, my stomach is so hungry,
waiting and
waiting until it's my turn. I
'll say, "Stomach,
I will win!" Can we do that?
Those are two challenges, but there are many more
challenges, but it's a secret, a
secret. Each challenge
comes, and you will overcome it. I wish you
success in overcoming all
obstacles from within yourselves so that we can succeed,
we can win, we can
win against ourselves. Do you agree?
[Music]
Oh yeah! I wish you all the best,
good health, and success.
[Music]